docs(compute): instances/elastic-metal/dedibox datasheet (#2542)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/elastic-metal/reference-content/elastic-metal-datasheet.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Elastic Metal - Technical product specification
  description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Elastic Metal offer.
content:
  h1: Elastic Metal - Technical product specification
  paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Elastic Metal offer.
tags: elastic-metal server
dates:
  validation: 2023-12-18
  posted: 2023-12-18
categories:
  - bare-metal
---

> 

Author: ```suggestion

# Elastic Metal server datasheet
The datasheet for Elastic Metal servers provides a concise overview of their performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation.
```

---
meta:
  title: Elastic Metal - Technical product specification

>   description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Elastic Metal offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page shows the technical characteristics of the different Elastic Metal offers.
```

content:
  h1: Elastic Metal - Technical product specification

>   paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the Elastic Metal offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page shows the technical characteristics of the different Elastic Metal offers.
```

tags: elastic-metal server
dates:
  validation: 2023-12-18
  posted: 2023-12-18
categories:
  - bare-metal
---

# Elastic Metal server datasheet

> The datasheet for Elastic Metal servers provides a concise overview of their performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasheet provides a concise overview of the performance, technical features, components, materials, and associated documentation for the different Elastic Metal server offers.
```

| **Private bandwidth** | 1 Gbps                            |
| **Availability Zones**| PARIS 2                           |

</Concept>

<Concept>

## Server EM-B312X-SSD

| Server EM-B312X-SSD   |                                   |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------|
| **CPU**               | 2 x Intel Xeon E5 2670 v2 10C/20T 2.5 GHz |
| **RAM**               | 256 GB                            |
| **Disk**              | 2 x 1 TB SSD                      |
| **Public bandwidth**  | 1 Gbps                            |
| **Private bandwidth** | 1 Gbps                            |
| **Availability Zones**| PARIS 2                           |

</Concept>

## Iridium range

<Concept>

## Server EM-I210E-NVME

| Server EM-I210E-NVME  |                                   |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------|
| **CPU**               | AMD EPYC 7313P 16C/32T 3 GHz      |
| **RAM**               | 128 GB                            |
| **Disk**              | 2 x 1.92 TB NVMe                  |
| **Public bandwidth**  | 1 Gbps                            |
| **Private bandwidth** | 10 Gbps                           |

> | **Availability Zones**| PARIS1, PARIS 2                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Availability Zones**| PARIS 1, PARIS 2                   |
```
